and time to sign are we ready for music
time we feel happy and we feel fine
everyone sing and sign welcome to sing
and sign the award-winning class is
designed to help your baby communicate
and encourage the development of speech
as this short film will show you we have
three age-appropriate groups for you to
choose from
let's begin with our youngest class we
call it sing and sign babes
we can sing in/sign because I saw my
nephews when they were older being able
to sign and I thought we'd come early
with Ella so that I could learn all the
signs and get used to using them with
her it's just a really nice environment
everybody's friendly it's relaxed and
it's just that time out of the day to
just spend completely with your baby
engage with her and she enjoys it
what's you going to do what's Jackson I
think that she learns how to interact
with other people and especially me I
think she learns how to become vocal
like she is right now and I think she
learns the facial expressions and she
reacts to my expressions which I've
learned since we've been here
she'll deal with Billie hungry from one
day jeong-ja
with Millie Dupree Brock jump jump in
Italy run one day and designs with me
going to the babes class it's just
really lovely and really sort of relaxed
and calm which when you've got a new
ball and that's what you really want
hide ah are you there
come on Jessie and then we move on to
stage one it's a little bit more busy
it's a little bit more frantic and at
first it's quite a change but the
children really love watching each other
so I think they learn quite a lot from
watching each other saying hello to
Jessie
she'll say hello to you let's say hello
to Jessie now let's play bigger boom
Jessica Jessica Claire assume you here I
am Here I am how do you do
I think Jessie's a bit sleepy now she's
gonna go back to bed let's say bye bye
to Jessie she'll say bye-bye to you
let's say bye bye to Jessie we'll see
you fairies I love singing sign it's a
really great social thing but actually I
think the main reason I come is because
we have such great fun in the classes
it's really lovely that you come every
week and you know that you're going to
learn something different every time
it's not just going to be the same thing
and you learn something that's relevant
to your baby stage as well
Oh
I love coming singers like the songs are
really memorable and really catchy and
we all sing at home all of our family
all five of us have a bit of a single
sign session at home so you know it's
not just a once a week thing it's a good
fun at home thing as well
I can't sing a rainbow sing rain
I came not expecting her to sign and
just came to sing really because I love
singing I can't believe how much she
signs at home and how many she uses duck
was the first one that good girl
I rave about it all the time and I'm
constantly telling people to join up
because from looking at other children
her age that haven't been singing saying
they do get frustrated because they
can't communicate what they want whereas
grace can tell us what she wants and
what she likes and what she doesn't like
because she's come to sing in/sign today
and we joined because we've got no
engagement and no communication and
light of a children her age
first term was a bit she could come in
like new instruments and then last term
and this term absolutely come out of
herself and we've got the DVDs and it's
also watch to watch an Italian she does
do it as you have learned communication
which we didn't have any off before so
go and do it it's amazing it's fantastic
and it really helps you to understand
what your child needs before they can
actually talk to you and tell you what
they need it stops all that crying all
that unnecessary anger and upset is just
fantastic
Oh time to go home
waving bye-bye as off we go no more time
to sing in/sign let's
let's go